gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/The Eiffel Tower.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/The Eiffel Tower.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/The Great Wall of China.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/The Great Wall of China.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/The Mona Lisa.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/The Mona Lisa.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/aircraft carrier.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/aircraft carrier.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/airplane.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/airplane.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/alarm clock.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/alarm clock.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ambulance.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ambulance.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/angel.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/angel.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/animal migration.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/animal migration.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ant.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ant.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/anvil.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/anvil.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/apple.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/apple.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/arm.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/arm.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/asparagus.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/asparagus.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/axe.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/axe.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/backpack.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/backpack.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/banana.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/banana.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bandage.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bandage.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/barn.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/barn.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/baseball bat.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/baseball bat.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/baseball.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/baseball.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/basket.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/basket.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/basketball.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/basketball.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bat.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bat.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bathtub.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bathtub.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/beach.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/beach.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bear.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bear.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/beard.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/beard.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bed.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bed.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bee.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bee.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/belt.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/belt.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bench.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bench.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bicycle.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bicycle.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/binoculars.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/binoculars.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bird.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bird.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/birthday cake.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/birthday cake.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/blackberry.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/blackberry.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/blueberry.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/blueberry.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/book.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/book.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/boomerang.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/boomerang.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bottlecap.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bottlecap.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bowtie.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bowtie.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bracelet.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bracelet.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/brain.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/brain.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bread.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bread.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bridge.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bridge.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/broccoli.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/broccoli.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/broom.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/broom.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bucket.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bucket.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bulldozer.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bulldozer.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bus.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bus.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bush.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/bush.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/butterfly.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/butterfly.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cactus.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cactus.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cake.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cake.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/calculator.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/calculator.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/calendar.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/calendar.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/camel.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/camel.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/camera.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/camera.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/camouflage.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/camouflage.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/campfire.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/campfire.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/candle.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/candle.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cannon.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cannon.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/canoe.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/canoe.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/car.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/car.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/carrot.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/carrot.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/castle.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/castle.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cat.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cat.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ceiling fan.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ceiling fan.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cell phone.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cell phone.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cello.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cello.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/chair.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/chair.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/chandelier.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/chandelier.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/church.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/church.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/circle.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/circle.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/clarinet.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/clarinet.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/clock.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/clock.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cloud.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cloud.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/coffee cup.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/coffee cup.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/compass.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/compass.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/computer.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/computer.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cookie.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cookie.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cooler.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cooler.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/couch.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/couch.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cow.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cow.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/crab.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/crab.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/crayon.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/crayon.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/crocodile.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/crocodile.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/crown.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/crown.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cruise ship.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cruise ship.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cup.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/cup.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/diamond.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/diamond.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/dishwasher.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/dishwasher.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/diving board.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/diving board.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/dog.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/dog.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/dolphin.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/dolphin.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/donut.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/donut.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/door.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/door.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/dragon.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/dragon.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/dresser.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/dresser.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/drill.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/drill.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/drums.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/drums.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/duck.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/duck.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/dumbbell.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/dumbbell.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ear.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ear.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/elbow.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/elbow.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/elephant.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/elephant.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/envelope.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/envelope.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/eraser.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/eraser.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/eye.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/eye.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/eyeglasses.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/eyeglasses.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/face.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/face.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/fan.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/fan.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/feather.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/feather.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/fence.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/fence.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/finger.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/finger.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/fire hydrant.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/fire hydrant.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/fireplace.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/fireplace.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/firetruck.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/firetruck.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/fish.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/fish.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/flamingo.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/flamingo.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/flashlight.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/flashlight.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/flip flops.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/flip flops.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/floor lamp.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/floor lamp.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/flower.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/flower.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/flying saucer.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/flying saucer.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/foot.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/foot.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/fork.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/fork.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/frog.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/frog.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/frying pan.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/frying pan.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/garden hose.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/garden hose.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/garden.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/garden.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/giraffe.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/giraffe.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/goatee.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/goatee.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/golf club.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/golf club.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/grapes.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/grapes.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/grass.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/grass.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/guitar.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/guitar.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hamburger.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hamburger.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hammer.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hammer.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hand.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hand.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/harp.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/harp.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hat.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hat.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/headphones.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/headphones.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hedgehog.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hedgehog.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/helicopter.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/helicopter.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/helmet.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/helmet.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hexagon.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hexagon.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hockey puck.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hockey puck.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hockey stick.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hockey stick.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/horse.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/horse.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hospital.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hospital.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hot air balloon.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hot air balloon.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hot dog.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hot dog.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hot tub.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hot tub.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hourglass.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hourglass.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/house plant.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/house plant.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/house.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/house.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hurricane.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/hurricane.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ice cream.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ice cream.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/jacket.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/jacket.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/jail.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/jail.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/kangaroo.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/kangaroo.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/key.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/key.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/keyboard.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/keyboard.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/knee.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/knee.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/knife.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/knife.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ladder.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ladder.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lantern.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lantern.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/laptop.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/laptop.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/leaf.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/leaf.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/leg.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/leg.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/light bulb.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/light bulb.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lighter.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lighter.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lighthouse.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lighthouse.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lightning.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lightning.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/line.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/line.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lion.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lion.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lipstick.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lipstick.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lobster.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lobster.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lollipop.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/lollipop.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mailbox.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mailbox.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/map.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/map.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/marker.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/marker.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/matches.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/matches.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/megaphone.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/megaphone.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mermaid.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mermaid.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/microphone.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/microphone.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/microwave.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/microwave.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/monkey.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/monkey.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/moon.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/moon.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mosquito.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mosquito.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/motorbike.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/motorbike.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mountain.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mountain.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mouse.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mouse.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/moustache.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/moustache.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mouth.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mouth.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mug.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mug.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mushroom.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/mushroom.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/nail.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/nail.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/necklace.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/necklace.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/nose.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/nose.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ocean.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/ocean.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/octagon.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/octagon.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/octopus.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/octopus.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/onion.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/onion.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/oven.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/oven.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/owl.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/owl.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/paint can.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/paint can.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/paintbrush.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/paintbrush.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/palm tree.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/palm tree.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/panda.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/panda.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pants.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pants.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/paper clip.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/paper clip.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/parachute.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/parachute.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/parrot.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/parrot.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/passport.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/passport.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/peanut.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/peanut.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pear.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pear.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/peas.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/peas.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pencil.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pencil.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/penguin.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/penguin.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/piano.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/piano.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pickup truck.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pickup truck.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/picture frame.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/picture frame.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pig.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pig.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pillow.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pillow.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pineapple.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pineapple.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pizza.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pizza.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pliers.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pliers.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/police car.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/police car.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pond.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pond.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pool.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/pool.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/popsicle.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/popsicle.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/postcard.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/postcard.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/potato.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/potato.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/power outlet.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/power outlet.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/purse.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/purse.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rabbit.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rabbit.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/raccoon.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/raccoon.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/radio.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/radio.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rain.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rain.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rainbow.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rainbow.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rake.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rake.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/remote control.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/remote control.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rhinoceros.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rhinoceros.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rifle.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rifle.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/river.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/river.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/roller coaster.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/roller coaster.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rollerskates.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/rollerskates.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sailboat.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sailboat.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sandwich.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sandwich.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/saw.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/saw.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/saxophone.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/saxophone.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/school bus.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/school bus.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/scissors.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/scissors.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/scorpion.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/scorpion.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/screwdriver.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/screwdriver.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sea turtle.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sea turtle.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/see saw.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/see saw.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/shark.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/shark.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sheep.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sheep.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/shoe.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/shoe.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/shorts.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/shorts.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/shovel.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/shovel.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sink.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sink.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/skateboard.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/skateboard.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/skull.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/skull.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/skyscraper.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/skyscraper.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sleeping bag.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sleeping bag.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/smiley face.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/smiley face.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/snail.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/snail.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/snake.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/snake.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/snorkel.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/snorkel.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/snowflake.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/snowflake.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/snowman.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/snowman.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/soccer ball.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/soccer ball.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sock.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sock.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/speedboat.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/speedboat.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/spider.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/spider.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/spoon.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/spoon.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/spreadsheet.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/spreadsheet.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/square.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/square.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/squiggle.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/squiggle.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/squirrel.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/squirrel.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/stairs.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/stairs.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/star.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/star.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/steak.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/steak.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/stereo.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/stereo.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/stethoscope.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/stethoscope.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/stitches.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/stitches.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/stop sign.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/stop sign.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/stove.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/stove.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/strawberry.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/strawberry.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/streetlight.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/streetlight.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/string bean.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/string bean.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/submarine.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/submarine.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/suitcase.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/suitcase.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sun.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sun.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/swan.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/swan.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sweater.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sweater.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/swing set.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/swing set.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sword.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/sword.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/syringe.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/syringe.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/t-shirt.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/t-shirt.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/table.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/table.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/teapot.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/teapot.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/teddy-bear.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/teddy-bear.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/telephone.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/telephone.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/television.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/television.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tennis racquet.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tennis racquet.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tent.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tent.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tiger.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tiger.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/toaster.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/toaster.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/toe.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/toe.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/toilet.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/toilet.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tooth.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tooth.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/toothbrush.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/toothbrush.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/toothpaste.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/toothpaste.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tornado.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tornado.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tractor.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tractor.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/traffic light.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/traffic light.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/train.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/train.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tree.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/tree.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/triangle.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/triangle.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/trombone.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/trombone.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/truck.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/truck.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/trumpet.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/trumpet.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/umbrella.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/umbrella.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/underwear.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/underwear.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/van.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/van.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/vase.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/vase.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/violin.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/violin.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/washing machine.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/washing machine.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/watermelon.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/watermelon.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/waterslide.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/waterslide.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/whale.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/whale.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/wheel.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/wheel.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/windmill.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/windmill.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/wine bottle.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/wine bottle.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/wine glass.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/wine glass.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/wristwatch.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/wristwatch.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/yoga.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/yoga.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/zebra.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/zebra.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/zigzag.full.npz
gs://quickdraw_dataset/sketchrnn/zigzag.npz
